CCloudify cogrouping streams KT (#823)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/cogrouping-streams/confluent/markup/answer/short-answer.adoc

> Use a combination of `cogroup` and and `aggregate` functions as seen below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a combination of `cogroup` and and `aggregate` methods as shown below.
```
